[Music]
little house little house let's go let's go today
we have an iron eh you know Today we have an
iron How strong how strong an
iron I don't want to start with the
weakest topic because I think they are all more
or less strong there is one but I would
like to sincerely start with the
topic of the day women's day Well
actually Look how things are it was
working women's day all of
God it has been
working women's day and in
recent years it has
officially become women's day without
further ado women's day
what do you want us to comment on about
women's day in general before we go in
Well let's see I have prepared a couple
of clips here to put up especially I would
love for you to see this and tell me
something okay okay You're going to get me into
politics
[Applause]
nothing I no longer have an opinion as soon as I
saw the Podemos poster it's that already
well from here So I have more opinion
from here yes we have opinions from here
my goodness in fact it's that I have done one I was
the first to break the news as soon as I
saw it I say I can't believe it I can't
believe it
or  sea ​​it's not an I can't believe it's
ironic of course now we explain it
let's go it makes a lot of sense and it's that
adding 2 + 2 is that it hasn't
surprised me at all you no But it's
making me laugh a lot because there is this
our friend jero puts on Twitter
underlining Ministry of Equality
Carlota s8 m let's talk no and there's someone
who tells him how twisted you are And it's like we're
going I imagine it will be irony below
telling him how twisted you are because let's
go who is not made to see it's a
cluster of I'm not saying 100% that the
Ministry of Equality would get
in touch with the TV factory Hey
please what do you have out there so we can
make propaganda we can not
directly but it's true that there are
friendships there are relationships there are
links no more than public and more than
clear man they have gone to lunch and
dinner in addition to an occasion I want to
tell you that there are man I'm not saying that they are
close friends but that they have ties
Beyond their ideologies that they share a
table that they share it's that well I
prefer to see the video first I prefer
well it's that  Today's talk is
general, it seems to me they've been
short. But anyway, in case
there's someone who doesn't understand, I'm going to
put this video up so you can see what
happened today, in a thing that was,
this was an event, it was an
institutional event, not that they were celebrating.
Well, well, in the end, the Ministry. Well,
Irene Montero was there, Angela Rodriguez, others from the
government were there, you guys, not to talk about
sexual education, no, among other things,
so they considered that this debate,
well, debate. Because everything that has to
do with them in the word
debate is a bit relative, it should have been
moderated by Carlota Corredera, like no one
better, then
obviously what we're going to
see in the video, they were discussing
a topic and when Irene Montero went to give her
opinion on something related to sexual education, it
was when other feminists
burst in and attacked an activist.
Well,
booing and shouting,
which we're going to see in the video now,
Carlota's face
is that I'm laughing because I've
seen the video 800 times on a loop
because it's a joke.  it's a joke the
worst thing is that they knew how to come out well eh I
expected another reaction or another way
because they knew how to say Well come up here
no and we are going to debate and consider this
and in the end the others Well well no
everything hasn't turned out the way they expected
I think eh let's put come on
Angela and then I'll go with you yes come on
because I'm going to it's that you're not
used to being so quiet eh
Irene after hearing all this it
seems that it makes a lot of sense that
you have chosen to focus on
sexual education No Well I'm
learning I'm listening very
carefully and yes yes I think that
Above all how tiresome
wasting places
not even the translator the translator if
you want you can upload
the arguments would you
ask to see please
[Applause]
but you want to intervene do
you want to intervene or have you just come
to ruin the event
[Applause]
variable
[Laughter]
if they want to upload the the only requirement
is that this has to be a
safe space for everyone for everyone and for
everyone as long as it is  a safe space
go up and explain your ideas
let me have the microphone let
me have the
microphone Well, I don't know if it's possible to
go up
[Applause] let's
see let's
see
excuse me for a second let's see excuse me for a
second I'm going to ask you let's see I'm
going to ask you for a little bit of
peace
Wow,
wow, how they love it right Let's see, I mean I
imagine being there I
would have loved to be there to see
this I mean let's see
you know what's happening they're let's see I would
n't know how to describe what I've
seen because it's true that
Carlota after this in the afternoon
went on a program I think it was
in action it's all a lie a 4 a day and
what she explained was she says
that it's that well she's like she's already with an
emotional hangover because she said that then
because she said that what she's experienced
has been very unpleasant but she says you
say that the people who have rebuked
Irene Montero They had a very
clear objective not like it was to boycott
absolutely all of that So I think
that they man evidently
bursting in there was not by chance but it
is  It's true that they don't understand that these
people don't want to get too involved in
politics either Because it's not my field either
But in the end here
everything has come together in a day like today And yes, it's
true that they don't understand that there are
people, there are women who do not
agree with the message that
both Carlota and Irene Montero, like
Rocío Carrasco, like many others,
want to convey to us and that in the end it is what
I was saying, I say it's not that you
want to convey a message that
seems very good to me but there are other
alternatives what happens is that they do not
respect it, you just have to look at Carlota
corredera during these two years she has not
left room for any other options other than
hers Irene Montero it's the same
speech it's ole, never call it Better said
without mentioning Olga Moreno that is
a sectarianism and a speech that
generates so much hatred and so much rejection that it
seems that it is like a universal truth
and as if it does not exist if you are not what
she
transmits what she wants to sell you are
Wow it's that you are not It's that you are
against rights it's that you are
against it's not that And it's a
speech that unfortunately every time  we
see that it is more established
Or it is gradually being established in
society Although there are many of us, a little
resistance does not give thanks to God for
this type of speeches and they do not take
well the fact that there are people
who evidently oppose it because
in the end they have achieved what they
wanted, which is to divide us. I mean, today in
the demonstrations, except in two or
three communities that I have been seeing,
there is a division of what is good about
feminism and then what they call
feminism, which are
different demonstrations with very different objectives.
I have seen some that I say I would have
loved to be in. But there are others
that are like this, like this
type of these people who are like a hatred,
a thing against men, so so
disgusting that it is that I say, my God, to me it
is that you do not represent me, I mean, it is like
instead of going hand in hand it is going Laguna
against the other, divide, separate, no.
So I understand those people who have
come in and in fact I would have been one of
them. So I don't know what you think, Javi,
but come on, before coming in here, before
when I was coming home and I am going to
smoke. Although some may bother you
tomorrow we have  clip name
that they were
playing on YouTube on the
Julian Contreras Channel I was with alanne
today chatting and they had them on
hands-free while I was coming
home before and I was talking about this not about
feminism and the different
definitions that there are today about
feminism not that you right now
you often ask the majority of people
if they are feminists and it
even causes rejection Yes because if what we
understand by feminism is what this
lady and her party is a No I tell you no
also of course no no but not even
with rejection But also onasco no and
then you say Well but let's see clearly I was
telling acne what are you
defining as feminism what defines
as feminism Because if we are
talking about fighting for
women's rights and not having discrimination
and abuse and so on no who is not a
feminist total total Who is not total
total people what happens that always This
is something personal but come on always I
see in general that it is enough that that And the thing is that I do
n't know if including the party that
type of person is that I have I
take it Mine  Carlota corredera these two
years no that trend no that it's like
automatically the man is bad
by nature no in general the man
mistreats you the man is the one who rapes
the man is the one who hits the man is the
macho the man is him and many times I
have other theories but of course
I don't need to be a psychologist and we are not
going to psychoanalyze here evidently
there are macho behaviors
that there has been machismo face and even less that I
continue to see that there are evidently
macho rapes that there are macho crimes
but it seems that automatically
everything is machismo and I think that it is not even
analyzed many times it will be when it is
a man when it is a man of
a woman automatically it is always
machismo Yes we forget that there are
many women also who mistreat
especially they mistreat psychologically
barbaric But that what is called It does not have
domestic violence how is that
because well it is getting into
personal things but come on machismo yes there is
Look Julian said before also Of course there is Of
course there is I have the
super fresh talk and in what Julian was saying
man but  I don't see that we are like
the 50s or the 60s, of course, let's see, in
general it's like what is breathed,
the things that were being normalized and
that were normalized at that
time 30 years ago 20 years ago and even
ten years ago are not normalized today
but there are still places where there are
very sexist educations and environments, of
course, of course what happens is that maybe
we in the environments that
those of us who move around in, well, we don't cross paths
or we don't see it as much why because we are
in the media
because we are here in this world because
we are here and more or less you rub shoulders with
people more or less who are dedicated to what
you do but if you maybe surely
many people who are in the chat right now
surely encounter
sexist attitudes every day but
but okay but one thing
totally I totally agree but okay
Totally agree that that is how it is
but I have a doubt the thread right now
the line of what is machismo and
what is not because for example I will tell you
one thing I I eh And I say it here in front
of everyone I am in the street and
me a guy a girl x tells me that they have
ever told me that Not for nothing
but sometimes she is pretty I don't know how
you are I have heard people I have heard people that it is
like I turn it around I break your face boy
that does not bother me nor do I consider it a nor a
thing
micromachismo I do not I mean I want to
tell you or behavior that I understand
It depends Well
if you see a group of if I see a construction site
a group of 60 year old men
sitting and they tell you with a slimy
and dirty tone let's see I think it is
unnecessary for them to throw you out with a compliment or
tell you that they have it no you already know if I
see a construction site some construction people
and I see eight telling me
girl I am going to hit you from all sides [ __ ]
man Well obviously maybe I
curse everything or look or directly I what do I know
but that the line no you cannot
tell someone beautiful and even I
know guys that I have heard it and there is
someone in the chat who will
understand me that it is of is that I no longer know how to
behave with girls because at the
slightest  time to flirt not even
tell them a compliment tell them such because I
don't know if they're going to you know like they're
scared mate from YouTube, I was making
a joke but it's not really a joke
that the joke can become reality
watch out and it's that from
now on to flirt you're going to have to go with
some papers in your wallet Of course you're
going to sleep with someone who signs
the consent just in case
tomorrow they come out saying no that they
forgot that they gave you
consent and and how does it prove the
opposite The problem is that it's not that we
Fight against machismo Who's going to
have a problem with that the problem
is that they already call machismo
for that and they bring into the fight things that are
ridiculous and nonsense and then they
lose focus and ridicule it
Javi something Yesterday I didn't watch the
whole video but this lady in the minister I don't
even know what to call her
was commenting on something Yesterday about having
sex during your
period but like giving classes but to say
that this is lifelong that it's that or
rather this as if  we were in the
Pleistocene you know also saying some
nonsense That is that this is a debate
And also she puts it you know in
she puts it on her on her Twitter as if
bragging about such and I was seeing it
and I said mother of God I mean
every day there is a new one if it's not from
one of them it's from the other if it's not from
the other it's from the other and you see it and you don't
know whether to laugh cry or if you should protest
on Twitter No because if you protest it's because you
already know You know what you're
picking at and people are already going to think well
this is one it's like I think that their
speech in general is doing so much
damage that even the current that
defends them is a bit like their satellites and
automatically sometimes they even make you
doubt yourself a little bit I mean it can't
be that there are so many people in
quotes who think And who support, who
applaud this type of speeches is that I'm going
bald And yes I'm going bald but
bald and worried you know what I mean No but
how are you not going to worry if it's our
present and maybe our future  I
think things will change, I think they will
change, let's see what happens in
December. I don't know, it's not strong, it's strong.
What this lady said, strong, strong.
[Music]